Add verify to request (#5611)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_hidden/other/documentation_request.md

                <textarea name="Snippet" class="form-control" id="doc_snippet" data-toggle="popover" data-trigger="focus" data-placement="top" data-content=""
                  rows="7"></textarea>
              </div>
              <div class="form-group" id="doc_verify_div">
              <div class="form-check">
                <input class="form-check-input" type="checkbox" value="Y" id="doc_verify" name="Verified">
                <label class="form-check-label" for="doc_verify" id="doc_verify_label">

>                 <span></span> I verify this information to be correct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                <span></span> I have verified this information with the respective product team
```
